OK let's discuss should Jugo freemium or premium.
Did you ever notice that most apps in the app stores are free today.
As for a very strategic reason I assure you.
Trust me all developers want to charge something for all their hard work.
But today it's not the way to go.
It is because the app stores make it much easier to promote free apps whereas paid apps never quite
end up ranking well in the App Store search.
And most consumers never see the majority of these type of apps Unfortunately they are simply lost in
the sea of millions of apps.
I strongly advise you to always make your app free to download especially at launch.
This will only serve to help make your app much more aggressive in the App Store search.
Now once you are doing well in the App Store search and receiving a multitude of downloads you should
have in-app purchases as well as some sort of advertising to help monetize your app.
Ok I'll see you in the next lecture.